When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When I want to save and share those files with others for collaboration

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    So that I can control the changes that are on my local machine. At times I might be experimenting with some file on my local machine. If GitHub were to automatically pull and update the files, I might lose my changes. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

    Forks are created when you want to work with someone else's files as a starting point without affecting their original work, but being able to have an exact copy of the original files and work on top of it. The changes made to the files in your fork will be confined to your fork and wont affect the original files. Forking also helps in collaborating between multiple developers.

   Clones are used when you want to copy a repository and work independently on it. This repository would be in your workspace and would not contain any reference to the original set of files. Cloning is used when you want to copy a set of files into your workspace and work independently on it.

Branches are used when you want to add/experiment on a part of your file. Branching helps you maintain a working/desired version of the file while giving you an oppportunity to experiment. 

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    It facilitates reviewing and resolving conflicts when merging the files with different set of edits between the local and remote repository.


How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Fill in your answer here

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    Fill in your answer here
