What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
The .git is created which keeps track of the metadata for the files in your repository

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository?
staging area operates on the Git and it shows/holds the files that are to be added and modified through Git while the working directory is just a directory which contains the files. When a working directory is initialized in Git and files are added to Git, it is called a repository  using which the various edits and versions of the files can be tracked.
What value do you think it offers?
It provides a place to pull out only those files that you need work on while ensuring other files are untouched/unmodified.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
Branches would be helpful when you want to experiment on your code while keeping a working set unedited.  This way you can always go back to the working version without losing any code while at the same time play around with the latest edits to experiment.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
They help us understand the commits that are tracked in a articular branch.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical
change?
staging area allows us to add the files to be committed.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in
the diagram the way we do?
When we merge two branches together, the code in the two branches are merged together after comparing the files in each branch. All the commits from the two merged branches will now be trackable in the Master branch. 

What are the pros and cons of Git's automatic merging vs. always doing merges
manually?
When automaticallu merging we are mostly depending on Git's ability to resolve the conflict which is not efficient and might not be accurate. Hence Manually reviewing the conflicts and resolving them before merging ensures that the code is clean and working.